[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 2014, Dr. Neil Ross
and a team of scientists from
the University of Bristol's
Glaciology Centre published
their discovery of a valley
the size of the Grand Canyon
in west Antarctica.
Despite being covered beneath
several kilometers of ice,
the depression was so vast that
it could be seen from space.
Some theorists were quick to
conclude that before the Great
Ice Age, Antarctica, like
the six other continents,
was likely to have been home
to ancient civilizations.
Dr. Ross eloquently summarized
that the implications
of his research served merely
to demonstrate how much we still
have to discover
about our planet.
But could it be possible
that there are ruins, perhaps
ruins even older
than Gobekli Tepe,
to be discovered deep
beneath the glaciers?
>> One of the consequences of
global warming is that the ice
on the poles has
receded tremendously,
including Antarctica.
And the-- the thickness of
the ice, as it is reduced,
allows greater visibility
from earth penetrating radar.
So we can see what's
underneath the ice.
One of the surprises is
that the satellite images
are sending back now
what appear to be
large-scale complex
archaeological sites.
So they're-- they're not
small hunting villages and pit
houses.
These look like advanced
technological civilizations
that we're seeing
underneath the ice.
One of the reasons this is
a problem for historians
is because the ice sheet an--
in Antarctica originated
most recently--
we've had multiple
ice sheets-- the most
recent about 20,000 years ago.
And that opens the door
to the question, who
was here 20,000
years ago to build
complex archaeological
structures
on the continent of Antarctica?
And what role does that
play in the history
and the mythology
that's almost universal
of ancient civilizations?
It may be what we now see is
the six cradles of civilization
very soon will expand to at
least seven and possibly more.
>> You get reports occasionally
of structures being found
emerging out of the
ice in Antarctica.
Just recently, there was
one which took my attention
to do with what was described
as almost like an embanked area,
like a hill fort,
that was found.
And that struck my attention
as being different to all
the other stories.
And this raises my hopes that
these settlements did actually
exist.
I think this matter should
be looked into more.
The only problem is, can
we interest archaeologists
to spend good money to go
to Antarctica to investigate
these sites?
I think it's possible
that as the ice starts
to melt in Antarctica, which
it is doing more and more,
that it will reveal structures.
And if this is the
case, those structures
have probably been buried in
the ice for tens of thousands
of years.
So these are going to be
very, very ancient, indeed.
And they could easily be the
product of hybrid descendants.
>> But who could
these descendants be?
Researchers like
Billy Carson lead us
to some new theories
on Antarctica
and its current location.
>> Antarctica had once
been a tropical island,
and that was the center of
the so-called pre-Adamite
civilization.
And it got moved to
what's now the south pole.
There might have been
some kind of nuclear war
that took place on Earth.
That's entirely possible.
Or there could have been some
energetic release from the sun.
The resulting effect appears
to be that the Atlantean flood
becomes the Atlantean glacier.
And because it's now
in a new position
where the water freezes,
it turns into Antarctica.
>> If structures from a
pre-Adamite culture might exist
below the ice, who are these
beings that did not survive
a cataclysm?
Or did they?
>> We don't remember
where we came from.
We don't remember that
we were essentially
a seeded, genetically
created race to be
able to inherit the Earth.
And what's interesting
is the descendants
of the pre-Adamites, the people
who were here before the Flood,
the people who
actually messed up.
And apparently, the
Elohim voluntarily
let this flood happen
to largely wipe out
the pre-Adamites on Earth.
So these pre-Adamites, some of
them, apparently still exist.
They still have
elongated skulls,
and they still believe
that they are the gods
and that we are essentially
an invading civilization.
And then this new
group gets sent in,
the Adam or the modern
human form that we all are,
with new DNA,
genetically modified,
tinkered, and sent
down here, intended
for the spiritual expression
of humans to come out.
And these pre-Adamite beings
became very upset about this.
After a great cataclysm that
occurred about 12,800 years
ago, the survivors of
this pre-Adamite group
were spread out all
across the Earth.
And they had no way to
communicate with each other.
So the survivors of this
group, which were not
pre-Adamite bloodlines, they
had been mixed and spliced
with local humans.
And they became a totally
different species.
>> Could it really be true
that there was once an unknown
civilization of ancient
beings in Antarctica?
In 1929, a map was discovered
inside Istanbul's Topkapi
Palace, depicting Antarctica
before it was covered with ice.
Archaeologists have been able to
carbon-date the map's creation
back to a Turkish admiral
and cartographer named Piri
Reis, who plotted it in 1513.
This age was hundreds of
years before the continent
was discovered by modern man.
Reis's map has both conventional
and alternative scholars
flummoxed.
Where did he gather
his knowledge?
If the landmass depicted
is indeed Antarctica,
is it possible that our
true origins date back
to a prehistoric
seafaring civilization?
While mainstream scientists
are resistant to get
behind these findings,
no other explanation
for the mysteries this map
presents have been offered.
But with global warming
exposing new topography
under the glaciers,
harder evidence
may be just around the corner.
>> We are about to hear
from official sources that
architecture has been located
in Antarctica that will confirm
there was, in fact,
intelligently built ruins down
there.
And that would be a world
changing thing of significance.
This Atlantean legend
has an incredible amount
of provable data behind it.
And if we do get the disclosure
that we're being promised,
this is going to become an
open, public, acknowledged thing
that there are, in
fact, stone monuments
under the ice in Antarctica
that are very ancient.
If that happens,
everything that we
thought we knew about human
history has to be rewritten.
And we are now dealing with
an ancient civilization
far predating those which we
now acknowledge to be true.
>> Most academics believe that
all Native American people,
no matter where you find them,
that all of their ancestors
came across the Bering land
bridge and that they all only
had four genotypes,
A, B, C, and D.
Anybody who's a pure-blooded
Indian or native person
in the Americas, their whole
haplo group or genetics are A,
B, C, or D.
But we've tested
three of these so far,
and they are not A, B, C,
or D. They show ancestry
either from Europe
or the Middle East
or the Middle East people
who moved to Europe.
So that completely
blows the theory
that there was only one
way to get to the Americas
in pre-Columbian times.
It means that people
were sailing the oceans
thousands of years ago.
And they knew where
they were going.
And they had the
capability of navigation
to be able to circumnavigate the
planet long before the Vikings.
We've been taught
so little in school
about the history of humanity.
And academics have a tendency
to not talk to Indigenous people
about their own history.
They think they made their
stories up about where
their ancestors came from.
>> These beings are not of a--
a human or a Neanderthal
or Cro-Magnon DNA at all,
that it's actually an
entirely different being.
And so I think the
jury's still out,
as far as when exactly these
beings came, what exactly they
are, if they did evolve on
Earth and were some sort of lost
tribe of the human species, or
if they really are indication
of the Anunnaki gods, the ones
who came from the sky to Earth.
And again, it-- it plays
into this overall mythology
of the fall to Mount
Hermon of the 300 watchers,
whether that's in the Bible or
the Anunnaki tradition of Enki,
Enlil, and their families
coming and creating humans
by mixing their DNA with ours.
Perhaps these
elongated skulls are
evidence of those gods
of the ancient world who
lived for apparently
thousands of years.
>> As glaciers crack
with alarming regularity,
Antarctica continues
to make headlines.
Billy Carson exposes why
politicians and astronauts
like Buzz Aldrin have
been visiting recently.
According to his sources,
the global cover-up
on what is emerging
under the ice
has reached a critical stage.
>> You have to understand that
there is a very significant
difference between how
the scholarship on ancient
civilizations is seen in the
open, unclassified world,
as opposed to how it's
being seen within the secret
government and the
military-industrial complex.
They are going
back, and they are
looking at every single
mythology they can find.
And they are asking
questions which need
to have scientific answers.
They have started to
learn that no matter what
the ancient mythology is,
if you dig deep enough,
you're going to find
out, wait a minute,
there's something here that
suggests this is not a myth.
This is a story about
beings that, at one time,
were contacting people on
Earth on a widespread basis.
They are very aware that
extraterrestrial civilizations
have been visiting Earth
since primordial antiquity.
Very quickly, we're going
to be dealing with the idea
that extraterrestrials
were immigrating here.
And thus, the
reason why we're not
finding the trail of pottery
shards and all the things
that archaeologists want
to see that build up
into a technological
civilization, the reason is
is because they didn't become
technological on Earth.
They were already technological
when they got here.
And they were simply
doing what they already
knew, which is being
able to levitate
massive blocks of stone and put
them together like tinker toys
and build these gorgeous
pyramids all over the planet.
Atlantis was a civilization
that covered the entire planet.
The main city was in
Antarctica, and it's now
under miles of ice.
All of their embassies, if
you want to call them that,
were spread out across
the entire Earth
and were also destroyed.
And some of them are remnants
of what we're now finding
on the bottom of the ocean.
>> In 2011, geochemist Stacy
Lowry found evidence that
America and Antarctica
were once joined,
before a billion years of
continental drift sent them
in different directions.
Since then, more geologists
have come forward
with tests showing
that the composition
of magnetic isotopes in
rocks taken from Antarctica's
coastland were
indistinguishable from samples
of rocks in a rift that
runs through the Great
Lakes of Michigan.
The two rock samples are
reportedly the exact same age
and have identical
chemical properties.
If Antarctica was once
connected to the Americas,
then is it also possible that
the same pre-Adamite species
once populated both more
than 55,000 years ago?
Brien Foerster brings us back
to the DNA of ancient humans
and what it might reveal.
>> The ancestry of these
people could be incredibly
complicated.
Initial DNA results
indicated that at least part
of their bloodline is not
Native American whatsoever.
So we're-- we're looking at
the possibility that part
of their ancestry is
from the Middle East,
which means they did not
cross the Bering land bridge,
like all other Native Americans'
ancestors supposedly did.
And that would be a major
historical discovery.
I've been studying
these-- these people
for about eight to 10 years.
It seems that only the
nobility of the Paracas
culture of the coast of
Peru had elongated skulls.
And the preservation in
that area is almost perfect.
So we do have examples
of the skulls with hair,
and the hair is always red.
And it's genetic red.
It's not the result of bleaching
or the sun or something
like that.
And so red hair originates
in the Middle East, in Iraq.
Iran, and Afghanistan.
So if they had red
hair, they likely
had light-colored skin, as well
possibly as green or blue eyes.
All three of those
characteristics
are not typical of
Native American people.
So that could very well indicate
that those ancestors sailed
from the Middle East
to the coast of Peru.
>> In 1928, in a desert on the
Paracas peninsula on the south
coast of Peru, archaeologist
Julio Tello unearthed
a graveyard filled with
the remains of corpses with
the largest elongated skulls
found anywhere in the world.
Some were dated back
as far as 3,000 years.
This discovery shocked
scientific communities
because it challenged
what had been recorded
in Peruvian and human history.
Tello's discovery
has since become
known as the "Paracas skulls."
And even more
astoundingly, since 1928,
other elongated skulls
have been found.
>> The oldest elongated
skulls in the world have been
discovered in Iraq
in one specific cave.
And the initial DNA testing
that we've been able to do
indicates that these people
had haplo groups which
are either from northern
Europe or from the Middle East.
What exactly they
are will require
rigorous scientific examination.
We were able to do DNA
testing of a baby that
died at 18 months and had
strawberry blonde hair, which
is not Native American.
And the analysis that
was done indicated
that it had segments of
DNA that do not match
anything known to be human.
And we also know that all
ancestors of Native Americans,
all of their
ancestors are believed
to have crossed the Bering
land bridge from south
or from eastern Asia.
So nobody from the Middle
East or from Europe
would walk across
all of Asia in order
to cross into North America.
These ancient people
had seafaring skills.
They knew how to
build boats, and they
knew how to sail
thousands of years
before the Vikings or
Columbus or anyone like that.
So it's quite likely
that they migrated by sea
through the Indian Ocean
and then across the Pacific.
>> Skeptics have long dismissed
the validity of the remains
found with elongated skulls
as being scientific proof
of pre-Adamites.
They claim that these
skulls are artificial,
an objection made even more
complicated by the fact
that there have been
tribes who practiced
cranial deformation on infants.
>> When it comes to the
discovery of elongated heads,
a lot of the mainstream
scientists might shrug it off
and say, well, this is
an indication of binding.
They believe that humans
bound their skulls
to make themselves
look like they
had these massive heads, which
doesn't quite make sense,
unless you actually
did have some kind
of gods who had those heads.
And you were trying to
imitate those heads.
>> Cranial deformation is
where a newborn child's head is
bound, usually with something
like leather or possibly wood
on the front and back, wrapped
with some kind of textile.
So by three years
old, the child's skull
is completely bone.
And then therefore,
throughout their life,
they maintain that design.
It was done in order
to differentiate
physically the nobility
from the common class.
But you can distinguish
between cranial deformation
and what I'm talking about.
You see the obvious flattening
of the front and back
of the skull with
cranial deformation.
I've studied this subject
about elongated skulls
for about eight years.
And as I said, they did exist
on all six inhabited continents.
But almost all of
them are the example
of cranial deformation,
which is changing
the shape of the skull.
However, in the
case of the Paracas,
we have the largest
elongated skulls
ever found on the planet.
And that makes the Paracas
culture very specifically
interesting.
We've even found baby skeletons
where the skull is elongated.
There was one recently I saw
of a probably three-month-old.
And its head was twice
the size of normal.
So it's not just that
the shape is different.
The volume is different.
And many medical experts
have looked at these.
And they've said, you can change
the shape of a baby's head,
because it's very
soft to begin with.
But you can't
increase the volume.
So that by itself
is telling us we're
looking at a-- a
genetic variation.
>> Billy Carson explores who
these royal families were
and where they're from.
>> When we look at these
pre-Adamite records of what
these ancient texts
are telling us,
it maps together very nicely
with the actual archaeological
ruins that we find
around the world.
What gets even more interesting
is when we get into the idea
of the post-Atlantean
catastrophe world,
meaning post-12,500 years
ago, two pre-Adamite groups
survived, one group in
Europe and one in Asia,
which becomes the
Egyptian pharonic line,
and the other group
in Mesoamerica,
which becomes the
Mesoamerican priesthood.
They apparently did not have
any contact with each other
until the time of the
conquistadors, roughly about
the 1500s or 1600s.
According to what we see
in these ancient texts,
these two groups
represent what people
are calling the Illuminati,
what people are calling
the New World Order, and the
basis for the whole system
of the divine right of
kings and royal blood.
It appears that these
elongated-skull beings
are drawn to places
of power, where
they can assert their control.
After the time of
Columbus, this group
finally was able to communicate
with each other again.
They wanted to control religion.
They wanted to control finances.
Some of the information
I came across
was that these people
are still alive today
and that they have
elongated skulls
and will hide them in public
with either wraps or miter
hats, like you see
in the Vatican.
There are royal
burials that have
been found from more
recent times in France
and openly acknowledged where
the royalty, with their jewels
and riches, were
buried that way.
And they had elongated skulls.
We furthermore have a
very interesting story,
which is that one of the royal
bloodlines in Italy, where
the Vatican and the
Roman Empire are located,
that one of the royal bloodlines
was called the d'Este family.
And you have Prince Leonello
d'Este and his princess.
They both have
ridiculously elongated
skulls in every illustration.
And this is as recent as
the 14th century in Italy.
The actual bloodline
of the d'Este family
matriculates into almost
the entire European royalty.
It goes all over the place--
Germany, France,
Belgium, Britain.
It is unknown how
many of these people
are still alive on Earth that
have the elongated skulls.
I've heard a number, about
15,000, thrown around.
There are those
that have suggested
there might be more than that,
but we don't really know.
According to recent
eyewitnesses,
they have seen people
with elongated skulls
in places like London, in the
financial district in New York,
and in the Vatican.
>> Is it possible that these
ancient elites with elongated
skulls are controlling our
political and religious
organizations?
And if so, could this
be a way of safeguarding
some great secret,
perhaps something
of unimaginable value hidden
under the ice in Antarctica?
>> Tom DeLonge and a
group of military people,
including the head of Skunk
Works, Lockheed Skunk Works--
and they were going to come
into this from the ancient past,
that the Anunnaki and the
Greeks were extraterrestrials.
There was another
group working allegedly
with some of the
astronauts, who were saying
that they've encountered UFOs.
And they were going to
come into an announcement.
I was told that the Vatican
in Rome, Pope Francis,
has been standing, waiting
to collaborate with whichever
of these groups would be the
ones that would tell the truth.
We're not alone in the universe.
The Vatican is ready to stand
up with whoever in the United
States makes that announcement.
Behind the scenes, there
was a Signore Balducci who
said that the Vatican
had information
about extraterrestrials and
that there was a decision made
in the beginning of the '90s
that the Vatican was-- would
support announcements of
the existence of other life
in the universe and say,
this reinforces the size
and the strength of God.
>> What kind of information
about ancient races on this
planet and their connection to
Antarctica might be the next
reveal?
Billy Carson describes
Antarctica as a crash site
from a nearby planet.
>> About 55,000 to
60,000 years ago,
a group of beings that
originated on Mars may have
crash-landed in Antarctica.
This group happened to
have very elongated skulls.
Not only did they
have elongated skulls,
but they were about
14 feet tall and had
very strange physiology.
Researchers have stated
that it is obvious
that these beings did not
develop on Earth, that they had
developed in a different area,
where the barometric pressure
was different.
The gravitational
fields were different.
And it explains the differences
in their physiology.
Could an A-tier group have
understood all of the science
and built all of these pyramids
right there on the island
because they needed to
tap into an energy source?
So the pyramid is harnessing
incredible energy.
We see pyramids in Africa,
and there's pyramids in Sudan
and all over the world.
There are actually forgotten
pyramids in Indonesia.
So the pyramid is truly
a worldwide phenomenon
that completely defies
anything that makes sense,
unless you are well-read
in Russian science torsion
fields, the science of
biology and active energy that
will in fact feed life and
make life healthier and more
vibrant, because that's exactly
what happened in the pyramids.
Let's say that you inject
a white laboratory mouse
with a virus or a toxin that
would normally cause a disease
condition to develop
in approximately 30%
of the specimens.
If you give them pyramid energy,
instead of 30% mortality,
you only get about 3% mortality.
And even in cases where
the white mice were
given doses of toxins
so high that 60% of them
would die very quickly,
only 6% of the mice
died in the presence of
the pyramid energy fields.
There were experiments done
with granite slabs that
were stored in the pyramids and
then positioned in the prisons.
And all the prisoners who had
the granite in their cells
suddenly had massive
improvements in their behavior.
They became friendlier.
They became happier.
The violence was
significantly decreased,
and nothing else was done.
It was really incredible.
>> Are there scientific
principles and mathematical
codes intrinsic to the nature
of the pyramid shape that this
ancient race might
have understood?
>> The pyramid is a
really interesting symbol.
And I believe it comes from
the divine mind itself,
because the top
point of the pyramid
represents the
unity or the center,
the central axis of
the divine monad,
whereas the base
is actually a cube
and represents the four
elements and the dimensions
of spacetime.
So through the model or
symbol of the pyramid,
you see the whole
flow from unity
into multiplicity as an
entire thing or wholeness.
>> I think of other monuments
that were purposely buried,
maybe because they
were too powerful,
maybe because the creatures
that built them didn't want us
to destroy ourselves
with that technology.
Maybe those areas, if
you go deep enough,
have the kind of rock
strata necessary in order
to cause these vibrational
frequencies to occur.
>> If the pre-Adamites existed
and Antarctica was their base
where they built powerful
pyramids to affect the planet,
how would revealing this
now affect the world we live
in today?
>> But it does seem that this
civilization would have been
literally indestructible as
we moved into the final 12,000
years of this big cycle.
So what appears to have
happened is that, in fact, there
was a judgment made to
allow this flood to occur
and that the flood not only
sank the Atlantean continent,
making it Antarctica.
But it also did sink
many other areas
of megalithic architecture,
such as the gorgeous pyramid
that we see in the Azores
off the coast of Portugal,
such as the sunken
architecture we see off
the western tip of
Cuba, and what we
see around the coast of India.
What we see in Japan is where
you have a sunken architecture
down there.
All kinds of anomalies
are being discovered
that defy the conventional
view, Gobekli Tepe in Turkey
just being another example.
It appears that this was a
benevolently designed event,
which had the purpose of
giving these negative groups
their karma, to wipe
them out in a way
that their karma had invited,
authorized, and paved
the way for a humanity that
is not so corrupt, negative,
and evil to be able to use
Earth for its own benefit.
>> Could this pre-Adamite
culture have created
a different kind of world using
their knowledge of pyramid
building?
Was their influence
positive or negative
on the surface of Earth?
If there was such a
species that existed,
could this represent a
different genetic code
than that of humans?
Is it possible that this
different species was almost
destroyed in a cataclysm,
a cataclysm that
encouraged the survival
of the human species
to shepherd the Earth?
As Antarctica continues to
melt away more evidence,
a location on the
other side of the globe
reveals elongated heads
and a planetary alignment
that leaves experts baffled
on its ancient connection.
>> There is a theory that
in addition to the influence
of the Sun and the Moon and
the power of the eclipses,
that Stonehenge has a connection
with the influence of Saturn.
>> Could elongated heads
also be traced to Stonehenge?
Is it possible that
this monument is
connected with certain planets?
And if so, why?
Up next, the code
keeps unraveling
as we head to Europe's
oldest stone circle.